# How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
There are many techniques I can use to ensure my code is functional and secure. However, an effective way is to write tests that will check the code in various ways. For example, unit tests can be written for verifying if a class constructor accepts a string up to 10 characters long and refuses any other provided input.

# How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
My process of interpreting and incorporating user needs into a program is fairly simple. First, I analyze what the user said they wanted the program to do, if available. Then, I imagine myself as that user using the program to be developed. During this roleplay, I note down what I would like to see. Afterwards, I combine both the user statements and my own notes, which gives me a thorough understanding of what the program should be able to do. I further break down these notes into more detail, which result in a checklist of small items that I can usually implement quickly. Once a group of related items are implemented, I test the entire system to ensure it still fits with what the user stated to need.

# How do I approach designing software?
My process of designing software begins by understanding the user needs, as stated above. I break down my notes into smaller details by analyzing each line written and brainstorming ways to make that note a reality within the software. This commonly takes the form of quick pseudocode or portions of a class diagram. Once I have analyzed my notes into these hasty designs, I begin refining the designs, for example by relating each separate class diagram with each other and reducing complexity. This refining stage usually is repeated until I am satisfied with the resulting detail.
